README.md, before:

# Alfred AirPods Connector

> This [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/) workflow helps you to quickly connect to your AirPods using the Alfred search or a hotkey.

###### See it in action
![Workflow demo](https://github.com/mariuskiessling/alfred-airpods-connector/raw/master/demo.gif "Workflow demo")

## Installation
1) Install the `BluetoothConnector` utility using
   ```
   brew install bluetoothconnector
   ```
   Make sure to have [`brew`](https://brew.sh/) installed.

2) Download the workflow file [here](https://github.com/packal/repository/raw/master/de.mariuskiessling.alfred-airpods-connector/airpods_connector.alfredworkflow) and import it.

###### In case of errors
If you encounter any errors running the workflow double-check the steps above and test wether you have Python installed on your system (version 2.7 and version 3.* are compatible with this workflow).

## Usage
On your first run, you have to select the bluetooth device that are your AirPods. Once you have done this you can use the **`airp`** keyword to connect / disconnect your AirPods. Whenever you want to change the device you can use the **`airp config`** keyword to select a new bluetooth device.

By default, this workflow also offers the ability to trigger a connect / disconnect action using a hotkey. The default hotkey is **`⌃ Ctrl + ⇧ Shift + ⌘ Cmd + A`**.

## Acknowledgments 
* Big thanks to Daniel Schäfer ([@JohnAZoidberg](https://github.com/JohnAZoidberg)) for helping design the RegEx used in this workflow.

Commit message:

Release workflow version v1.2 (#6)
* Update for BluetoothConnector 2.0

This update includes support for BluetoothConnector v2.0.0 as well as other minor changes. In case you want to update, simply follow the install instructions in the Readme file.

Co-authored-by: Blackbird9223 <mail@constantin-pruem.de>

README.md, after:

# [Alfred AirPods Connector](https://www.packal.org/workflow/airpods-connector)

> This [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/) workflow helps you to quickly connect to your AirPods using the Alfred search or a hotkey.

###### See it in action
![Workflow demo](https://github.com/mariuskiessling/alfred-airpods-connector/raw/master/demo.gif "Workflow demo")

## Installation
1) Install the `BluetoothConnector` utility using
   ```
   brew install bluetoothconnector
   ```
   Make sure to have [`brew`](https://brew.sh/) installed. This will install the latest version of BluetoothConnector. Unfortunately BluetoothConnector is not @-versioned. Thus, make sure that brew installs version `2.0.0+` of BluetoothConnector or upgrade using
   ```
   brew upgrade bluetoothconnector
   ```
   in case you update from an older version of this workflow.

2) Download the workflow file [↗ here](https://github.com/packal/repository/raw/master/de.mariuskiessling.alfred-airpods-connector/airpods_connector.alfredworkflow) and import it.

###### In case of errors
If you encounter any errors running the workflow double-check the steps above and test whether you have Python installed on your system (version 2.7 and version 3.* are compatible with this workflow).

## Usage
On your first run, you have to select the bluetooth device that are your AirPods. Once you have done this you can use the **`airp`** keyword to connect / disconnect your AirPods. Whenever you want to change the device you can use the **`airp config`** keyword to select a new bluetooth device.

By default, this workflow also offers the ability to trigger a connect / disconnect action using a hotkey. The default hotkey is **`⌃ Ctrl + ⇧ Shift + ⌘ Cmd + A`**.

## Acknowledgments 
* Big thanks to Daniel Schäfer ([@JohnAZoidberg](https://github.com/JohnAZoidberg)) for helping design the RegEx used in this workflow.
